# Sets

The project required that we create a singly linked list of a given set. The singly linked list is required to have a dummy head, which I implemented in my node class. It also required that we assume that the input elements to be an object, so I declared my elements as objects as opposed to an int. The linked list is required not have any duplicates. To ensure no duplicates were entered into the list,  a counter was used to check if the element was already inside of the list, if not, it would then be added. The contain method verifies whether a set has a certain object. This is done by comparing the object to each node in the set, and return true if it does, if not, it will move on to the next node until it hits null. If the object is ultimately not found within the set, the contain method will return false. The remove method removes an specific object from the set. This is done by looping through the sets (with a while loop) to search for the node containing that object. If the object is found, the node’s pointer will be set to null, and the previous node’s pointer will be set to the node infront of the removed node. To find the size of a set, a counter is set to 0 and is increased each time the while loop is run before it hits null. To determine whether setA is a subset of set B, a counter is used to count the nodes within setA. Then another counter is used to count how many times each element in setA is found in setB. If the first counter is equal to the second counter, then setA is considered a subset of setB. The same ideology is used for the isEqual method. But in addition, the sizes of each set is compared in order to start traversing through each set. To create setC using the union method, I first traversed through setA with a while loop and added each element. I then traversed through setB, adding each element only if they were not equal to an element in setA.
